1	For its part, management dictated work hours by leaving the implementation of scheduling and overtime compensation policies to the discretion of the project managers.
1	Thus unlimited work hours without compensation for overtime became a major asset.
1	Paid and unpaid overtime is measured by asking respondents if they had worked paid overtime and if they had worked unpaid overtime in the last two week pay period.
1	The women were only entitled to 4 hours of overtime work per week.
1	Aside from receiving poverty wages, many caregivers fail to receive legally mandated overtime compensation.
1	The standards analyzed that require employer payments were minimum wage, overtime, paid time off, unemployment/employment insurance and workers' compensation.
1	Thus, to force them to work harder, the management introduced 'obligatory overtime work' in return for extra days off.
1	The U.S. ranks significantly better than Canada on: minimum wage, overtime, and occupational health and safety.
1	Was this income part of the remuneration for your regular work, was it payment for overtime, or both?
1	If you work on a holiday it goes to the time bank and if you agree to work overtime it’s the time bank.
1	The public overtime work that I am proposing will make the champions of misogyny unsafe.
1	They “willingly” oblige to work overtime with no compensation, and the NCAA chooses to look the other way on its own findings.
1	It includes overtime and does not consider any loss of working time due to absenteeism.
1	She was unsuccessful both in her attempts to have her overtime recognised.
1	Controller hours were long, the job was stressful, mandatory overtime was common and pay increases were limited by rigid civil service system grids.
1	UNITES has also been active in combating the widespread practice of refusing to pay for overtime.
1	It may be recalled that quota formulas have evolved overtime and take into account GDP, official reserves, imports and exports.
1	A Norwegian customer once asked me if my husband forced me to work overtime, if he allowed me to make any decisions in the shop, and if he treated me well.
1	Previously everyone had been paid for overtime, but now production workers had to meet targets, based on an estimated daily norm, at a flat rate.
1	While workers are admonished about time efficiencies, and although there is no overtime allowed in most offices, workers must work through until quitting time.
1	They worked long hours in mostly low-status positions with 95% of women working overtime with limited opportunities for promotion.
1	I work until midnight, but I obviously don’t have night pay or overtime, and I work Saturdays and Sundays, and that isn’t recognised either.
1	The latter interventions could include shop stewards monitoring overtime under a collective agreement, or a community’s support for a buy-local programme.
1	In the best outcome, overtime, this mode of production may become a form of competition that is based on quality rather than quantity.
1	Don't complain about not getting overtime when you work 10 hours a day.

2	Notre Dame had nearly dropped an overtime game to Mississippi, but finished with an unblemished record.
2	The team ended their losing streak the day before, beating Vegas in overtime.
2	They are a well-coached group that had DePaul beat but lost in overtime and then lost at home to Bucknell.
2	Pittsburgh's affiliate forced overtime by scoring midway through the final frame.
2	The running game has done well the last three games, except for a fumble by Tyrone Tracy in overtime.
2	The Cornhuskers are an overtime loss to Illinois away from being undefeated.
2	But coming in after the third before the first overtime, we had a lot of confidence in the room.
2	Over the rest of regulation and overtime, they scored 28.
2	Montreal captain Nick Suzuki scored to open the shootout after a scoreless overtime period.
2	Neither team scored in the remaining time in regulation, leading to overtime.
2	He scored 13 points in overtime to lead Cleveland to a huge win.
2	Michigan State head coach Tom Izzo reacts to a call during overtime in an NCAA college basketball game.
2	The clock is mostly ornamental in overtime, too.
2	The Iowa product was penalized for holding in overtime.
2	They finally claimed victory in overtime, though the extra five minutes exhausted them.
2	Dallas fought hard in their overtime game against the Packers but fell short.
2	It appeared the Mintos had the overtime winner as a puck went off both posts but did not cross the line.
2	The drama on Sunday ended with an overtime win against the Giants.
2	The Nets forced the Celtics into a difficult overtime win.
2	His fumble to start overtime handed the game away; he needs to learn from it.
2	Overtime rules have cost us twice now.
2	Both teams had scoring chances, but the game went to overtime and then to penalty kicks.
2	Allgaier passed Hill and Custer on an overtime restart with two laps remaining.
2	Westhaver scored once in an overtime win for the home team.
2	The Orange is coming off an emotional overtime win over Virginia Tech.
