1	There was a thick film of dust on every exposed surface; rubbish and the carcass of some small animal had been swept into a corner.
1	"There's nothing under here except mineral salts and other rubbish that's no use to us."
1	I dropped the satin rubbish on the floor, because it would only hamper me.
1	He hurried around the room, tumbling rubbish and papers into piles and igniting them.
1	Rubbish and offal filled the corners.
1	A rock crashed off the rearview window and a hail of rubbish clattered around.
1	We groped through a pile of rubbish into a corridor.
1	He walked through the alley, his eyes shifting from one heap of rubbish to the next.
1	The wind whipped around the rubbish that littered the field.
1	A decree forbade suburbanites from burning rubbish.
1	Your clothes have been cleaned off the field with all the rubbish of our shriek.
1	The site was overgrown and smothered in its own dust, a centuries-old rubbish heap.
1	The winds swept away the rubbish, shovel, and objects from the picture.
1	The garbage collector passed slowly, collecting all the rubbish there.
1	I poked in the rubbish with a broomstick and even lit a fire with litter I found.
1	I scrambled up the slope outside, avoiding the rubbish.
1	A pile of rubbish rose out of the seawater near the plane.
1	The most important precaution is to remove rubbish from your property.
1	Don't bury rubbish like cans or glass; animals dig it out.
1	The mice had their own society, using rubbish thrown away by humans.
1	In 1532 a decree ordered that rubbish be deposited far from main streams.
1	The site looked half-abandoned with rubbish lying everywhere.
1	Fines are defined by the local council where the rubbish was dumped.
1	Four-fifths of oceanic debris is rubbish blown into the water.
1	New sources of hard rubbish have appeared due to tourism.

2	Wendy wouldn't be fooled by specious rubbish spouted by a cracked demagogue.
2	"Let's stop talking rubbish," she cried.
2	There is an awful lot of rubbish published.
2	"You talk rubbish, old man," the young man said.
2	"You believed the rubbish you told Tylo about the Federation, didn't you?"
2	The books and ideas were reflected back as so much rubbish.
2	"What kind of rubbish have you been reading?"
2	"I'm talking sense and rubbish at the same time."
2	Good riddance to childish rubbish.
2	There has been so much rubbish written about Ben's vaccine.
2	"Your confession is the biggest pile of rubbish I've read."
2	He muttered about golden shapes and other rubbish like that.
2	"She's talking rubbish," I said, though some agreed with her.
2	To the question about bombing, the answer came back: "Rubbish."
2	Our sense of humor and perception of what's rubbish is aligned.
2	She criticized the stories as absolute rubbish.
2	He derided Gaelic poetry as doggerel and rubbish.
2	She described psychoanalyzing dogs as rubbish.
2	After the performance he declared, "Such rubbish should never have been written."
2	The new book is a high-varnished preface to a heap of rubbish.
2	"I'm not writing any more of that bloody rubbish," he said.
2	A production at the Met Opera inspired reviews calling its music rubbish.
2	The judge rejected the allegations as utter rubbish.
2	He stated it was rubbish to say he only stayed to take the money.
2	Intelligent design clears away the intellectual rubbish blocking Christianity.
